extension-api: Add versionContext field to WorkspaceRoot (#10606)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: CHANGELOG.md

- A new dropdown for choosing version contexts appears on the left of the query input when version contexts are specified in `experimentalFeatures.versionContext` in site configuration. Version contexts allow you to scope your search to specific sets of repos at revisions.
- Campaign changeset usage counts including changesets created, added and merged will be sent back in pings. [#10591](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/10591)
- Diff views now feature syntax highlighting and can be properly copy-pasted. [#10437](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/10437)

> - There is now an optional `versionContext` field in `WorkspaceRoot` in the extension API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Extension API: There is now an optional `versionContext` field in `WorkspaceRoot`.
```

> - Extension API: There is now a field `versionContext` and subscribable `versionContextChanges` in `Workspace` to pass the instance's version context to extensions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Extension API: There is now a field `versionContext` and subscribable `versionContextChanges` in `Workspace` to allow extensions to respect the instance's version context.
```
